


                  Chapter One


As Kent woke up, he could hear the TV was on in the living room. Of course, it was his brother pierce, who was always staying up late and watching television. As Kent pulled his blanket off, he wondered what his brother was watching “I’ll have to go tell him to turn it off” he thought
he was already dressed for the day, so he walked straight into the living room. His brother was nowhere to be seen, he sighed, then looking up he saw his brother had left the porch door open, “Citizens!”
 Kent jumped and uttered a startled yelp, “ha” he thought
the tv was still on as he turned to the screen, he noticed that it was not a regular news anchor but an older man with a grayish beard in military garb with a Descon logo.
“Hu that’s strange” he thought “I wonder why he’s on”
“please stay inside tonight it is unlawful to leave your buildings a heavy, meteor shower is expected in the area” the man continued “do not investigate any craters in your vicinity”
“Ha” Kent looked behind him startled. He was strangely jumpy tonight almost as if he knew something important was about to happen
His dad was standing behind him in his red sweats and work top” As if staying in a building would keep us safe from a meteor shower” his dad grumbled “go get pierce and tell him to go to bed” “no problem” Kent answered
 his dad shuffled back into his room. he was probably tired from working two jobs.
 Kent walked outside reluctantly and felt the cold air nip at his skin he stepped on the grass he gasped in shock as the frozen blades of grass pierced his skin
“ouch”, he muttered
 heading back inside he slipped on his sandals going back outside he again noticed the surprisingly cold air he especially noticed it because it was summer and should have been warm gazing out into the darkness he saw his brother on a foldable lawn chair gazing up at the meteor shower. “Pierce!”
he yelled as he walked closers his steps becoming hurried and then breaking into a run as he saw the gaping crater right next to his brother.
When he reached his brother, he shook him, but his brother was frozen stiff he took in a breath to scream for his dad but then gasped as he noticed his brother chest was still moving and little puffs of air were coming out of his mouth witch was frozen into a small slit ”what” he thought “how is he still breathing when he’s frozen solid”
 rushing inside he yelled for his dad.
His dad charged out of his room “What’s wrong!” he yelled
“pierce is out there frozen but still breathing”
 Kent answered his dad barreled out the door ignoring how the grass stabbed at his feet he. Lifting pierce from the lawn chair and ran backs inside “don’t go near that crater”
 his dad gasped out as he rushed past grabbing the keys to the car and charging out the front door Pierces limp form in his arms Kent stared blankly after his dad’s disappearing truck. Slowly recovering he walked. Back inside and collapsed on to the couch in shock. His mom had died in car accident when he was young hit by a semi carrying highly violable gas it blew up and he’d never seen his mom again. Now his brother was frozen. He cried he didn’t want to lose both of them.
 He shuffled to the bathroom turning on the hot water he washed his feet off in the warm water wincing as the water washed out his cuts, he slowly put some bandages on and then slipped on some socks  he headed out to the couch and sat in front of the tv picking his favorite book up the outside world slowly faded away as he slipped into the pages of his book about Dragons, Elves, Dwarves an ancient language and a lonely farm boy with a strange inheritance.
 Several hours later he sighed his dad wasn’t back yet. He’d made up his mind to go check out the crater though his fathers’ words echoed in the back of his head “don’t go near that crater”
he slipped his shoes on they were made of rubber like material and fit perfectly on his feet even though they weren’t supposed to be worn with socks he didn’t want to get them bloody. The shoes had a slightly bouncy material and helped him run faster and jump higher than he would normally be able to.
He wistfully rubbed the neon green highlights these shoes had been a gift from his mom she had worked in the police force, and these shoes were only available for the police and the military. She had also given him a jacket that would help him blend into the night they had come from the same place “you never know” she had said “When you’ll need to hide”
 he jogged out to the crater and slid down the lip of the massive hole.
In the middle on a raised platform of earth as if on an alter stood a small ball of metal
It shimmered in the moonlight he slid a little closer to the orb. As he gaze at it his foot caught a raised piece of earth causing him to stumble he reached out to catch himself and his hand fell on the glistening orb  he tried to alter the path of his hand but it was too late his hand seemed to pass straight through it suddenly a strange sensation filled his hand it felt like cold water that tingled and snapped. he gasped as the ball disappeared seemingly melting into his hand he screamed as he felt the icy feeling rush up his arm, he felt his vision going and then a voice like his fathers “I’m coming pierce!”
but it was too late he had already drifted from conscience.










           Chapter Two

Kent slowly opened his eyelids and saw that he was in a hospitable room surrounded by all sorts of medical devices. On his left was a short desk level with the bed he was laying on and on that desk was a handheld mirror picking it up he gazed at himself and noticed that his eyes had changed.
He shivered his eyes looked like dark pools that someone had thrown a bunch of random inks into and the colors were swirling around and constantly changing colors from a sapphire blue to a ruby red to a goldish hue as well as an emerald green and as many other fantastical color that you could imagine. But every few seconds they would go pitch black like a dark inky well, his pupils had turned to a burning white. He was fascinated, for his eyes had originally been a dark brown that was almost black.  He looked up from the mirror as a doctor walked in with his father. Seeing him looking at the mirror he said” we are unsure what caused the shift of your eyes for all we know we do not think that It will affect your vision at all.”
 Kent nodded “can I take him home?”
 his father said “Yes”
the doctor confirmed ok we’ll be going then Kent got off the bed and followed after his fathers retreating form.
While they were driving home in his dad’s pickup “sooo” said Kent “how’s Pierce”” well he’s gonna be ok” his dad muttered “but we can’t take him home till tomorrow; they want to run some test to make sure he’s ok…. And you’re definitely going to make it to school this morning” “oh” Kent said “do I have to” “yes” his father affirmed
Kent sighed he looked down “at least I put on my stuff last night” Kent thought “your backpacks in the back of the truck” his dad continued
As they drove up to the high school parking lot and parked Kent slipped out the side door “see ya dad” Kent called as he rushed off grabbing his backpack out of the back of the truck sprinting he rushed through the doors “I’ve got to make it on time” he thought as he turned a corner bumping into his friend Keefe who’s lean frame was bent over his gaming device his friend Keefe was a was already six foot three and built for athletics his hair was blond and always carelessly tossed over to one side where it hung just below his left ear his eyes however had turned from a bright emerald green to a gleaming silver with his iris appeared to have shifted to a gear shape. “Whoa there Mr. late” Keefe said picking himself off the floor dusting off his black cargo pants and neon green and pink sweatshirt that that had a black Descon logo on it ”I think you just lost me that race” Kent looked up at him “what’s up with your eyes” ”long story” Keefe answered his attention still toward his game “meteorite?” Kent questioned. Keefe looked up startled “how?” finally noticing Kent’s eyes “oh, yup you too?”
“yeah” Kent agreed
“soooo your late for the first time” Keefe chuckled Kent sighed “yes”
Keefe chuckled again “the first period teacher was freaking out he almost called the police” Kent looked up surprised ”really”, ”yup” Keefe returned “he called your dad instead though” “ok I’ll check in with him when I have a chance” Kent said turning around and walking into the classroom.
His computer teacher looked up from his screen and raised an eyebrow “you’re first tardy as of yet” Kent looked down and shrugged “hospital” “ah the meteor shower” his teacher said surprised “sorta” Kent said “ok class that’s enough excitement for one day” the class and all turned their heads up from their screens, well all except for one, Keefe’s friend he was deep in his coding he like Keefe had been born with an amazing gift with computers though Keefe’s was more along the engineering area and not computers they had built a working Exoskeleton that Keefe had driven one day to school to the dismay of all, but their computer teacher Tadashi who insisted it was the coolest thing he had ever seen, he in fact had built a robot that was made for health care  and took great pride in it. Kent walked to his seat the on across from Keefe’s friend Dexter called Dex by his friends he also dabbled in alchemy he looked up as Kent passed him Kent jumped startled his eyes had changed too his brown eyes had morphed until they almost looked like mini circuit boards each with his pupil wich had shrunk and changed red Kent was about to question him again when he noticed that they would every few seconds shift from red to black like small blinking lights. As Kent logged into his computer, he noticed he had an email from Dex saying that he had not touched a meteorite but had just been in the vicinity the government had blocked off the area and told him to go home .when he got home he noticed his eyes had changed and as he logged on to his computer to work on the game he had been programing his hands had started to fly across the keyboards as the code just came to him as he thought of what he wanted it to do. Kent looked up startled and saw Dex nod once
Then looking back to his screen, he noticed he had gotten an email from his teacher he opened it up and read with amazement, Leave the classroom! take Dex and Keefe if he’s still outside and go to our secret camp a small bunker underground. the government just arrested to kids who were reported with eyes changed like that. he and his friend had found and cleaned up wired electricity through and added stuff like government upgraded 3-D printers and other cool gizmos Kent looked at Dex but he had already packed up his laptop and was heading out the door Kent grabbed his stuff and followed after him it looked like Keefe had already left Kent started running down the path through the forest that was just on the other side of the school veering left off the path he ran through the low undergrowth ducking under the occasional low hanging branch turning left he came upon a giant lake turning he noticed that  Dex had surprisingly followed him without making a sound Dex pulled out a small Joycon  he pressed in a code with a sudden rush a path appeared leading to the middle of the lake made of steel a small circular tube peeked up out of the middle of the lake Kent and Dex ran across the steel beams and crawled down the ladder of the tube as they came down the ladder the top of the tube closed and started to submerse they noticed that the lights were on and saw Keefe sitting in the main gaming chair engaged in a game of bed wars. “hey guys, a little slow” he laughed turning back to his game and putting his headset back on he was a longtime player and ranked among the best in most pvp mini games. Kent and Dex sighed “we thought you had gotten taken” they said.  Keefe grinned “no but I saw some other kids getting led into a swat truck” “really?” Kent said in disbelief “yup” Keefe returned “I turned off as soon as I saw them and came here”
Kent sighed “Mr. Tadashi said he would follow us” Dex said “we’re his last class so he should be here soon” Kent walked into the other room and looked up the news on his laptop there he read “breaking news, several people have been infected by the meteors the are highly dangerous and should be reported immediately they are mentally unstable”   Kent looked up he noticed Keefe was starting to walk around in circles “Keefe” Kent said “are you okay” Keefe snarled and lunged at Kent. Startled Kent dived to the side, only to notice Dex and Keefe rolling on the ground holding their sides and laughing “y-you should h-have seen the lo-ook on your face” Keefe gasped Kent sighed and shook his head “really guys” he muttered they all turned around as they heard the sound of the top hatch opening “it’s me guys”

